# Nepal.HT.DEA
A repository of R and python code used to run the DEA model, produced outputs and visualizations presented in our manuscript [1].

Per our data agreement with the non-government organization we worked with, and in order to preserve the identity of those in our dataset we are only able to provide high level data 
on the station operations. 

Some of the datafiles were aggregated and altered manually through excel and not using R or python.
The files created under these conditions are noted below. 

Code File Descriptions:

"GitHubFinalModelCodes.Rmd: This is the R code used to create our DEA model. Produced both the efficiency data as well as the cross efficiency. 
 
Input Files:"DEA_Inputs_Outputs_New_TF_91.csv":This file contains the high level data on each of the station, Quarter pairs. The values of each of 
	the inputs and outputs were aggregated and summarized from a variety of data sources provided by our partner organization. 
	As mentioned previously, we cannot provide the raw data/code used to generate these values.

Output Files:"91_Eff.csv", "91_CE.csv"
	(To replicate models presented in the appendix, adjust the inputs and oupts and re-run files)


"VisualCodes.Rmd": This code takes our DEA model outputs and produces the visualization (Figures 2-5) seen in our manuscript. 

Input Files: 
'91_Eff_Status.csv' : This is a manually manipulated version of the 91_Eff.csv, where we created a quarters column, a value (binary feature) to represent if the efficiency score was >=0.985, if it was this value is 1 else it is 0. If value==1, then the station, quarter pair is considered to be efficient, else not efficient. This created figure 3 in our manuscript.

'91_CE_SummaryValues.csv': This file was manually generated by taking the average cross efficiency score for each station in 91_CE.csv. This creates figure 4 in our manuscript.

'91_CE_Status_Correct_02_15_2022.csv': This file was manually altered from 91_CE.csv to create a quarter feature. This creates figure 5 in our manuscript. 

Output Files: *Figures 2-5*, *Figure 1's code is unavailable due to data restrictions*

"DEA_Rec_Analysis.ipynb": This is the python file used to produce the visualization of our recommendations (Figures 6-9).

Input Files: 'DEA_Model91_Rec.csv': This file was manually created in excel by calculating each value.
Output Files: *Figures 6-9*


[1]Dimas, G. L., Khalkhali, M. E., Bender, A., Maass, K. L., Konrad, R., Blom, J. S., ... & Trapp, A. C. (2021). Estimating Effectiveness of Identifying Human Trafficking via Data Envelopment Analysis. arXiv preprint arXiv:2012.07746.
